.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2005 ... 2021 2022
.\"     John McCue <jmccue@jmcunx.com>
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.TH jexpand 1 "2013/09/02" "JMC" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
jexpand - Expand tabs to spaces
.SH SYNOPSIS
jexpand [OPTIONS] [FILE...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Reads 1 or more files, expand tabs to spaces and
writes output to stdout.
.PP
If no files (FILE) are specified on the command line or
if FILE has name "-", stdin (Standard Input) is used.
.TP
-e file
Write errors/stats to file 'file'.
Default is to to use stderr.
.TP
-f
Force file create.
Create out file even if the target file exists.
.TP
-h
Show brief help and exit.
.TP
-o file
Write Output to file 'file'.
Default is to to use stdout.
.TP
-t #
Tab Stop, determines how many spaces to use when replacing
the TAB character.
If not specified, defaults to 8
.TP
-v
Show run stats on stderr.
.TP
-V
output version information and exit.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Note, if an error occurs while parsing command line arguments,
errors may be written stderr instead of the error file specified.
.SH SEE-ALSO
expand(1),
unexpand(1)
.SH ERROR-CODES
.nf
0 success
1 processing error or help/rev displayed
.fi
